[Music]
hi it's Chris and rich from the foiling
mag here to do a deep dive review on the
Axis power carbon Pro Ultra High modulus
Mast which is pitched as their super
high performance um no expense spared
carbon
M this is a work of carbon sculpture it
is a beautiful thing um just tapping it
it just sounds dense there's no thing
there it is just it's solid it's not
overly heavy so they've made this sort
of 25% stiffer than their existing High
modulus Mast which is a bit of an
industry Benchmark as stiff MKS Go I
mean that's pretty rigid um they have
given it far more taper over its length
down to a minuscule 13 and2 mil here
which is is very thin you can see yeah
visibly that's thin um they've changed
the profile on it so they brought the
widest part of the section back um which
should in theory reduce drag um the
other thing they've done is a taper
through the cord which knocks I think
it's probably 10 or 12 mil off this
section so you can see there's this
pronounced dog leg in it that runs up
there so this section of the Mast is
consider L um thinner and faster than
the previous one so in comparison to the
power carbon mask which was a benchmark
high performance mask before you can see
yeah you can see this is very straight
in its taper and then this guy has this
real pronounced dog leg there and turn
them
sideways I mean you may not pick that up
on the camera but that is considerably
thinner here than it is here I think the
surface finish looks slightly different
as well so they've Used military grade
Carbon on this and it's you know the
price point I'd say is quite high but
then you know you kind of get what you
pay for this is a Cutting Edge bit of
Kit um how did you feel the performance
was
Chris I wasn't really impressed and I
won't lie I went into it hoping to uh
not be as impressed as I was because I
know the price tag is um but I think the
performance gains on this Mas was really
impressive it was quite noticeable
wasn't it it was amazing I think
particularly when you put this MK
through a harsh turn where the old one
would cavitate sometimes this just
slides on through doesn't it it's crazy
it brought a newer foils I think the
foil felt better the board felt better
and you could push it harder in the
confidence that that it could handle it
yeah so in essence we did really didn't
want this to be much better but it is
actually a massive step up it's good and
you can feel it when you're pumping it
there's rigidity yeah um you can feel
when you push it through a turn it just
gives straight back um and I felt as
well the cavitation was really
impressive like those moments where you
would have pushed on the older Mast and
you in it might have given yeah this
just sliced on through it brought a air
of new
predictability um particularly some of
the bigger foils I tested it with so
with the artle 9 and the 1050 stuff that
I SC on a regular basis I felt I could
plant a far more confident turn than I
could on the old
Mast um so yeah unfortunately it's
really good bloody Goods really
impressive um Are You Pockets deep
enough can you afford it that's a
personal preference but is the marketing
real do you get perform performance
games yes you do yes you do there's no
arguing with that I think and here we've
been looking at the Axis power carbon
Pro the ultra high modulus Mast which
they do in three sizes uh they do in 80
they do a 90 and they do a 105 cm how
good would that 105 be for towing oh
weapon really
good it that's
it h